Register annotation autoscaling.alpha.kubernetes.io/behavior as deprecated (#48224)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

and marks it _Running_, til the kubelet stops all containers and deletes the pod from
the API server.

> ### autoscaling.alpha.kubernetes.io/behavior (deprecated)

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
### autoscaling.alpha.kubernetes.io/behavior (deprecated) {#autoscaling-alpha-kubernetes-io-behavior}
```

Type: Annotation

Used on: HorizontalPodAutoscaler

> This annotation was used to configure the scaling behavior of the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA) in earlier Kubernetes versions. It allowed to specify how the HPA should scale pods up or down, including setting stabilization windows and scaling policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation was used to configure the scaling behavior for a HorizontalPodAutoscaler (HPA) in earlier Kubernetes versions.
It allowed you to specify how the HPA should scale pods up or down, including setting stabilization windows and scaling policies.
```

Author: Sure, I can push those changes in right away

> 

Reviewer: (optionally)
```suggestion
Setting this annotation has no effect in any supported release of Kubernetes.

```
